boards: beagle: pocketbeagle_2: doc: Add DFU instructions (#99430)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/beagle/pocketbeagle_2/doc/index.rst

The binary will run and print Hello world to the debug port.

DFU
---

While doing rapid development, the SD Card workflow can become cumbersome. Since AM62x platform
supports DFU over USB, we can use it to boot zephyr applications, without ever having an SD Card

> plugged in. For more in-depth instructions, checkout the `blog post <https://www.beagleboard.org/blog/2025-11-14-pocketbeagle-2-zephyr-dfu>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supports DFU over USB, we can use it to boot Zephyr applications, without ever having an SD Card
plugged in. For more in-depth instructions, check out the `blog post <https://www.beagleboard.org/blog/2025-11-14-pocketbeagle-2-zephyr-dfu>`_.
```

1. Download the DFU u-boot binaries. Using `v2025.10-am62-pocketbeagle2-11.02.04 <https://github.com/beagleboard/u-boot-pocketbeagle2/releases/download/v2025.10-am62-pocketbeagle2-11.02.04/>`_ here.

.. code-block:: console

   wget https://github.com/beagleboard/u-boot-pocketbeagle2/releases/download/v2025.10-am62-pocketbeagle2-11.02.04/tiboot3-usbdfu.bin
   wget https://github.com/beagleboard/u-boot-pocketbeagle2/releases/download/v2025.10-am62-pocketbeagle2-11.02.04/tispl.bin
   wget https://github.com/beagleboard/u-boot-pocketbeagle2/releases/download/v2025.10-am62-pocketbeagle2-11.02.04/u-boot-zephyrdfu.img

2. Install `dfu-util <https://dfu-util.sourceforge.net/>`_ CLI.

3. Plug in PocketBeagle 2 and check if it is available.

.. code-block:: console

   dfu-util -l

4. Flash. The application path is assumed to be :file:`build/zephyr/zephyr.bin` here.

.. code-block:: console

>    dfu-util -R -a bootloader -D ./tiboot3-usbdfu.bin

Author: That sounds nice. I will create a PR to document that here.

However, the setup I am describing here is specifically for use without a storage media. It originated in the [beagle forums](https://forum.beagleboard.org/t/pocketbeagle-2-boot-with-snagboot/41236).
